(DOCSP-30990): Swift: Add docs for session multiplexing and sync timeout (#2904)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/swift/app-services/connect-to-app-services-backend.txt

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/RealmApp.snippet.realm-app-config.swift
   :language: swift

Sync Connection Sharing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 10.41.0

You can set the ``enableSessionMultiplexing`` bool on the 
:swift-sdk:`AppConfiguration <Extensions/AppConfiguration.html>` to specify
whether the Realm Swift SDK should open a connection to the server for each 
synced realm, or share a connection to the server for all synced realms.

> If you do no specify a value for this bool, Realm defaults to sharing a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify a value for this bool, Realm defaults to sharing a 
```

single connection per App Services user for all synced realms.

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/code/start/RealmApp.snippet.app-config-enable-session-multiplexing.swift
   :language: swift

Sync Timeout Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 10.41.0

> You can set various ``SyncTimeout`` options on the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set various sync timeout options on the 
```
is there a ``SyncTimeout``?

Author: Nope, good catch!
